[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: You all have risen
to the challenge very effectively here.
Good job team.
I knew you could do it.
I had nothing but the utmost confidence.
I perused the poll request that came
in for these specific issues and
we have great solutions for
all three issues.
So we have two that are clearly winter
like there what I was looking for
and then we have one that is correct,
and one that is more correct.
So look at both the correct one and
the more correct one.
So number, one we got from 1267 who I
imagine is hanging out on the live stream.
So what's up buddy?
Good job.
This is the most minimal edition of the
morgan logger that we could have added.
So what he did was he NPM
installed that module,
using probably the --save command,
or he might have added it manually.
That also is a possibility.
But when you know that
you wanna add another
module to your projects dependencies.
You can execute this command npm install.
And then --save will actually write
the dependency to your package.json,
so that the next time another
developer npm installs your project
they will get that dependency as well.
So it's always a best practice when you
added dependency to add it to
the package.jason as well.
And npm install -- save is usually
the best way to do that and
lock in the current version of the module.
Probably all we had here was
an npm install --save Morgan
which would add that dependency to
our packaged.json as we have here.
And then we require the Morgan module and
by the default
behavior of Morgan is to log
HD pure quest to standard out.
And he's mounted that middleware there
in front of just about
everything else on here.
So we will get that HTTP logging
output on every request to the server.
So I'm gonna go ahead and plus one that.
>> Kevin Whinnery: So plus one for me.
And I'm gonna merge that down,
so good work.
>> Speaker 2: [COUGH].
>> Kevin Whinnery: Will pull that
down here in just a little bit.
All right, so the other we did
was to take a look at removing
that X powered by, Actually will do that
last because that has the two answers.
The other one was adding an extra
shenanigans none header to the response.
So we have a couple of submissions there,
so we'll go to this one from
James that fixes number seven and
this is probably the lightest
weight way of doing it.
In the Web App.js,
he added a new middleware just declared
it in line which is probably fine.
He could have created another file.
Probably, would've been overkill here.
He sets the extra shenanigans header
on the response using response .set
which is a method available on an express
response, express decorated HTTP
response object and then he calls next to
move on to the next piece of middleware.
And that's all we need to do,
to add that header to do his route.
So I'm gonna plus one that, for
great work, and I'm gonna merge it down.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Awesome.
So now, for
the removing the power by express issue.
We had a couple approaches both
of which are both of which work.
One of which is slightly more correct.
So let's see if I can find the one, okay.
So this is the version
which is correct, but
not as correct as it could be.
So here we've defined
a global middleware which
is gonna be executed on every request
that will remove that header X powered by
from every response that we send back.
And that will have the desired effect.
But it will also execute
on every single request.
So it's a little bit inefficient.
We don't necessarily need to take that
header off on every single request
to the to the server.
So probably what we want to do is I
actually disable that option in Express.
So I think we have a pull request here,
which does just that.
So within the configuration options for
express,
so on an express app,
it has a set and a get function and
those will set configuration properties,
and also get configuration properties.
I mean in this case he is setting
a configuration property,
this x bar powered by header to false,
so express will never send it at all.
Yes question?
>> Speaker 2: Is there any meaningful
difference between doing this method of
.sets for the header to false And
doing it .disable
of the entire header [INAUDIBLE]
.disable the next power by specifically.
>> Speaker 3: This one's not
a header it's a config value.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, so this one are apps.
Where is the other it was on response.
>> Speaker 3: Right, but
you can also do at least according to
the interweaves you can do
app.disable X powered by
in the same area in webapp.js
in the rest of the middleware.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yeah, I believe
there's also a signature there for
disable for Boolean properties.
So this is expressly just
setting a property to false.
Disable I believe toggles a Boolean
property, like X powered by to false.
So they're equivalent in this case.
So the correct guess to might have
been app.disable X powered by it
would have saved us
a couple characters there.
If we wanted to go that way.
So go back out here.
Got some plus ones.
James added some docs look at you.
Good work.
I'm gonna add my own plus one.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And
we're gonna merge it down.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Super job.
So now if we go back out here,
we've got some add logging middleware.
I thought we would have closed this out.
So I think we just didn't mention it
in the commit message, which is fine.
I'm gonna go ahead and close this out.
So 30 minutes later,
we just knocked out two or
three GitHub issues on our project,
so great work.
We're gonna do that again.
A couple more times here today.
And then I got a fresh batch that
I'm gonna load in there tomorrow for
you guys to go crazy on as well.
So knocked this first one out of the park,
very nicely done.